Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and transferred
their powers to six Bakugan.
Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands and the
stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
Those blasted Ancients may think they've foiled me
with their little trick but they are sadly mistaken.
They have done nothing more than prolong the inevitable.
The Six Attribute Energies that I require to power
the Bakugan Termination System will be mine.
They may have defeated me on New Vestroia, but the
Bakugan and their Brawlers, will not stand
in the way of my latest conquest.
I promise you that.
King Zenoheld, it seems most logical that the
Bakugan Resistance are the ones whom the Ancients
entrusted their powers to.
Given that the Resistance is comprised of both
Vestals and Earthlings, this would have allowed
them to hide their energies in two different, distant
locations, making them more difficult for us to find.
What and interesting theory, Mylene.
Well done.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance.
Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to
crush them under my heel.
Yes sir.
I want you to start with a trip to Vestal.
Since the Vestals were once my subjects, their
traitorous actions should be punished.
Of course, sir.
I have just the person in mind for the job.
Once again, Mylene.
You've impressed me.
I couldn't have chosen better myself.
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Revenge of the Vexos\".
Hey Drago.
How you feeling?
Incredible.
I've never felt so energetic.
Well, I'm glad at least one of us feeling okay
this morning.
I couldn't sleep last night, thinking about
Zenoheld and the BT System.
Try not to worry, Mira.
I know.
I just wish there was a way to get in touch with
Baron and Ace to see if everything is okay on Vestal.
I hate not knowing.
Well, it's not like you can send them an email or
a text message.
Don't make yourself crazy.
Let's just have to hope for the best until we know for sure.
When I received my Attribute Energy along
with Willda, Elfin and Ingram, it caused a change in us.
We've never been stronger or more ready for battle.
It's probably the same for Nemus and Percival.
They'll be fine.
Mmmhmm. I know you're right, but I feel like something
really bad is about to happen.
Catch you later, Mom.
Baron!
Huh.
Sweetie, could you be a dear and pick me up a few
things I need to prepare dinner? [baby talk]
Sure Mom.
Hey, big brother.
Huh? Oh hi, Maron.
Watcha doin'?
Helping Mommy water the flowers.
Where are you running off to, Baron?
Well, I was gonna hang at the mall, but mom needs me
to get some stuff.
What are you building?
Well, it's getting so crowded inside, I thought
I'd build a mini-guest house for Nemus.
That's very kind of you but unnecessary since
Baron and I will...
What he means is, that's a great idea, Dad.
[Laughing]
[Laughs]
Hmmm?
Are you going to Earth again, like last time?
No, no,no, silly.
I'm just going to do some grocery shopping for Mommy.
Well if Maron had her way, we'd all live together forever.
Isn't that right, sweetie?
Hah, imagine that.
Baron why haven't you...
Uh, we better go.
Don't want to keep Mom waiting.
See ya!
See you later guys!
You don't understand.
I have to wait for the right moment.
When I tell them that I'm planning on moving out,
it's gonna break their hearts.
Then why move out at all?
You have a lovely family.
And your brothers and sister look up to you like a hero.
Yeah, I guess you're right, they do, but...
You just got home after being away for so long.
What's your hurry?
Enjoy some time with your family.
Yeah, maybe.
I started thinking about this, because Ace always
tells me to grow up.
Grow up.
Uhhh...
He's right. You need your independence. It's time.
Time for what? I don't understand.
Leave the boy alone, Percival.
If he wants to stay he wants to stay.
I'm just saying, Nemus, that since receiving the
Attribute Energies you and I have evolved.
Why can't Baron evolve too?
So all that stuff last night with the Six Ancient
Warriors really did happen?
I wasn't dreaming?
Take a look at Percival and Nemus.
If that was a dream they wouldn't look like they do now.
And I'll bet the same is true for Willda, Elfin,
Ingram and Drago.
King Zeonheld's hatred for the Bakugan isn't the only
thing that's grown stronger.
I feel it too.
Me too.
If Zenoheld and the Vexos want to challenge us, then
I am ready.
Well, hopefully it won't come to that.
Think fast.
Whoa...ahhhh
I bookmarked some apartments I
definitely think you should go and see.
Awesome, thanks man.
Wow these are really sweet places.
Check it. This one even has a ping-pong table.
Trust me, Baron.
You're gonna thank me.
A big time Brawler like you needs his own sweet
bachelor pad.
But how will you pay for it, Baron?
I don't think your allowance is enough to
cover rent.
Ahhh, he's right.
These places are kind of expensive.
Maybe I can stick it out a little longer at home.
[Screams]
[Gulp/horrified]
I'll find myself a part time job to make some extra cash.
Who'd hire you?
All you do is play videogames and eat
cheeseburgers.
I know, imagine if I could get paid for that?
Get a job bagging groceries.
Ahh!
Huh?
Groceries.
I was supposed to pick up some for my Mom for dinner tonight.
Oh man, she's gonna be so mad at me, I'd better go.
Okay.
Nemus, If we hurry we can get the stuff and still
make it back home.
Catch you later, Ace.
Thanks for the apartment listings.
I'll let you know how it goes.
That boy's got a head full of rocks.
Yeah, but a heart made of gold.
[\u266a]
...then he said he'd call me but he never did.
What a jerk.
Huh?
Ahhh, very nice.
Hey, check it out.
Is that who I think it is?
What?
Over there, by the glasses.
Who does that look like to you?
I'd forgotten how peaceful Vestal can be.
Everyone is so happy and carefree.
Well, I guess that's about to change.
Baron!
You're back!
What did you bring us?
Yeah, whatcha got?
Hey guys.
Hey Baron? Do you think you can take me to the park?
The park?
Mommy says we're running out of room, so I though
we could take the extra flowers to the park.
Okay, sounds like a good idea.
Let's go to the park and play.
[Rowdy and giddy laughter and chatter]
Baron, I'm sensing something...
Huh?
Whoa!
Hello Baron.
That looks like...
It can't be.
What's the matter, Baron?
What's with the face?
You look like you've seen a ghost.
Prince Hydron?
The new and improved Nemus is about to be put to the test.
Stick around to see him in action.
Dryoid's gonna do some serious damage.
The Haos energy is mine!
Prince Hydron?
What are you doing here?
No need to bother with titles, Baron.
I'm not a Prince anymore, thanks to you and the
Battle Brawlers Resistance.
Well then what do you say, Brawler?
Well then, do you think you can take a break from
changing diapers so we can do a little battle?
Prince or no Prince, we'll be happy to wipe the floor
with you, you Vexos creep!
Those are big words.
For such a little boy.
We'll see who the boy is.
What's Baron doing?
Gauntlet!
Power strike!
Baron...
Gate card, set.
I call, Subterra Dryoid.
Bakugan Brawl!
Dryoid, stand!
[\u266a]
He's using a mechanical Bakugan.
Baron...
Don't worry, he may look big and scary, but you've
evolved, Nemus buddy.
Let's do this!
Bakugan Brawl!
Nemus, stand!
I am the evolved Nemus, filled with the Haos
energy of the ancients!
Any who face me in battle will be crushed by my might.
Well, look at you Mr. Fancy-Pants with your
big words and your tough talk.
Ability card, set.
But do you have the moves.
Ability activate, Knuckle Vulcan.
Ability card, set.
Ability activate, Borehole Reflection.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
[\u266a]
Wow that's thrilling.
Hang on a second.
I've got more.
Ability card, set.
Ability activate, Float Shield.
That's it?
Pathetic.
Ability Activate, Ray Blade.
Hmmm...
Okay, Hydron.
Looks like you've got some skills.
Hmmm?
Too bad for you buddy, mine are stronger.
Blast, a Trap Shield.
So man?
Who's diaper needs changing now?
Hmmm Don't get so cocky with me.
Gate card, open.
Devour Haos.
Huh? [grunt]
Whao?
Nemus, what's happening?
It's a command card that sucks up whichever
Attribute Energy I tell it to.
Face it, Baron...
Nemus is no match for my mechanical Dryoid.
Give up now and spare him the pain.
Ahhh man, got me.
But I'm not done yet.
Come on Nemus!
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
You got it, buddy.
Nemus, attribute change!
What did he say?
Not an attribute change?
Ahhhhhh!
I call on the powers of the Ancients and summon
forth an Attribute Change!
Ahhhhhh!
I am Darkus Nemus!
That's what I'm talking about!
Time to kick it up a notch, Nemus.
Ability activate!
Darkus Force!
All my light has turned to darkness, I will still use
my power to destroy all those who threaten peace.
Haaaaaah!
[\u266a]
Hmmph.
Impressive, Baron.
I'm not as dumb as you think I am.
Be careful, Baron.
We shouldn't underestimate Hydron.
I don't believe he's shown us his full powers yet.
Don't worry, we've got him on the run now.
All right, Command Card Active Ghost.
Now let's finish him off with this one.
Gate Card, set.
[\u266a]
Bakugan Brawl!
Nemus Stand!
[Mighty roar]
I call Subterra Dryoid.
Bakugan Brawl!
Dryoid Stand!
[\u266a]
Double ability, activate.
Ability card, set.
Haos Force!
Plus, Elemental Roar!
I think you'll find my bright light, just as
powerful as my dark.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!
That's gotta hurt.
[\u266a]
Not so fast, pal.
A shield?
I can't believe it.
Not even a scratch.
It's a little Defense Ability I like to call Mars Shield.
Okay, now it's my turn.
Ability Activate, Murasame Arrow!
[\u266a]
[grunting/pain]
No Nemus!
Gate Card, open!
Active Ghost!
This is a Trap Command Card that when activated
will take down any opponent's Bakugan.
Let's see you deal with that Hydron!
[\u266a]
Ability activate, Land Shutter!
Incredible.
Somehow, he's managed to nullify the gate card.
What the...? He also took down our power level.
I'm disappointed, Baron.
Just when I thought you were a worthy opponent,
you start to crumble and cry like a little girl.
What did you say?
I'm really bored now.
This has taken far too long.
Time to finish it.
You want to finish this?
We'll finish it!
Ability Activate.
Ability card, set.
Sparkly Arrow!
Hmmph.
[\u266a]
Alright let's go!
Nemus Brawl!
You're going down, Dryoid.
Haaaah!
Ability Activate.
Ability card, set.
Murasame Blade!
[\u266a]
Come on!
Uh oh.
Ability Activate!
Pyramid Shield!
[\u266a]
Hah, you wish!
Fusion Ability Activate.
Shoo Dragon Fly.
Dragon Fly!
[Grunt/pain]
Nemus!
So, tell me Brawler.
How does it feel to get crushed on your home turf?
You just don't know when to give up, do you?
Gate Card, set!
Come on, Nemus.
We'll win this one.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[Mighty roar]
Bakugan Trap Hoas Piercian.
[\u266a]
Double ability, activate!
Ability card, set.
Electrocution Plus, Bakugan Multiplier.
[\u266a]
Easy, Dryoid.
Wait for it.
Haaahhhhh!
[\u266a]
Hmmmph.
Ability Activate, Murasame Blade.
Come on!
Fusion Ability, Activate, Shoo Dragon Fly.
[Pain/exertion]
Fusion Ability Activate, Geki, Grit Demon!
[Pain]
Nemus! Piercian!
The end is in sight.
Any last words, Baron?
Gate Card, open!
Silent Land!
The Silent Land
Gate Card renders one's opponent immobile.
It also nullifies the ability they are using.
So now, your mighty Bakugan is nothing more
than a helpless baby.
Ready Baron? It's showtime!
[Pain]
Nemus! Piercian!
[Laughing]
Stop it.
[Pain]
I said stop it Hydron, now!
The Brawler wants it to stop.
Let's grant him his wish.
[Howl in pain]
Nemus!
[\u266a]
And now it's time for me to take...your Haos energy.
[howls, pain]
[\u266a]
King Zenoheld.
Sensors indicate we've just acquired the Haos Energy.
I knew I could count on you, Hydron.
Hmmph.
Baron, are you okay?
Nemus?
Baron, I am sorry.
I thought I was strong enough but I just couldn't...
[grunt]
...and now we've lost the precious Haos Energy.
Don't to be sorry Nemus.
You fought a hard battle and showed your bravery.
[Laughs]
How pathetic you are Baron.
Quit trying to put a brave face on your defeat is
humiliating, take your lumps like a man.
Get out of here!
Big brother.
Who was that strange man you were yelling at?
Him?
He's...uh...
What happened?
Is Nemus okay?
I'll be okay, little one.
Thanks for your concern.
In fact, I think I'm starting to feel better already.
[Giggles]
[\u266a]
Another noisy battle like today's will surely alert
the remaining Bakugan to our presence.
Work on your stealth.
You're just jealous that I was the first to capture
one of the Attribute Abilities, Mylene.
Get used to it.
Hmmph.
[Ooohing and ahhhhing]
Hmmm.
You realize that today was just the beginning.
Zenoheld has challenged us to a new battle.
I know.
Listen up, we'll find a way to contact Master Dan
and the others, we'll fight the Vexos!
Spoken like a true Brawler!
I think perhaps you already have grown up.
After we freed New Vestroia things were
supposed to get back to normal.
But I can tell you, life on Vestal is anything but.
First Mylene showed up with this giant Mechanical
Bakugan and these little Robot Attack Drones that
started swarming Percival.
They might be tiny but boy did they pack a wallop.
Then some weird Mermaid thing floated up out of the lake.
Crazy.
And wait, who's this guy?
Bakugan, brawl!
Let's go Percival.
I'm right behind you, Ace.
[\u266a]